Love Al Di La
I recommend this place to everyone.
Great food.
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn. 
The food here was mediocre at best. 
Tasty Dog!
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten.
Can't wait to go back.
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it.
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing.
Run don't walk.
Super YUMMY Pizza!
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.
We had half/half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza!
We had fun eating in there, we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning!
Will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in LA..
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.
Great sake!
Reliable, Fresh Sushi
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.
Best. Sushi. Ever.
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.
Love it.
Very, very nice
Loved It
We had a very nice time.
I'd definitely go back again.
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.
Place is open till late, no dress code.
Highly recommended!
My husband and I have been sold on this from the first visit.
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating.
There are no negatives to speak of.
the bestt!
my favorite place lol
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
its alright
lobster was good, nothing spectacular.
its just a fun place to go, not a five star restaraunt.
Way below average
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.
Would NEVER go back
I love this place
I wasn't here for the pizza so I can't comment on that yet but what I had was very good.
The service was quick and friendly.
Everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome.
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed.
The potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.
The only downside... they only take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time.
I'll be back for sure.
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
awesome
the food is always fresh ...
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed.
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??
food was luke warm.
The waitress was not attentive at all.
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have.
Not because you are "The Four Seasons"... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $400.00 where I am not swept off my feet.
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat, of any food group - hands down
If you don't like it, I don't know what to tell you.
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly.
I'm not even going to bother to describe it; it speaks for itself.
Favorite Sushi in NYC
In the summer months, the back garden area is really nice.
The Dancing, White River and Millenium rolls are musts.
SO GOOD
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ...)
Gross food – Wow-
I can't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York.
Don't get me started on the margaritas, either.
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila.
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else.
Oh, and I never write reviews--I just was so moved by how bad this place was, I felt it was my duty to spread the word.
Great Indian Food!
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place!
The staff is very good.
Love their drink menu.
Nice for one time special occasion.
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well. 
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $8 a piece.
Food was OK.
Nice view of river and NYC.
I come here enjoy very much with husband.
Remind me of home.
Great survice
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.
Oh, and there's hookah.
Raymond the bartender rocks!
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.
The omlette for brunch is great...
the spinach is fresh, definately not frozen...
A weakness is the chicken in the salads.
It's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.
Also, I personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.
Best Indian Restaurant in the City
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York.
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
The best!
The veal was incredible last night.
Fresh, mind blowing flavors.
This place is a must visit!
Got a date? Go here!
Every time I have a special occasion with my boyfriend I have a hard time going anywhere else.
It is so romantic.
Its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.
Most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that' couple.
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.
Once you try it for a special occasion beware.. you can't stop!
You'll be ther for every anniversary, birthday, valentines day...
For a Fabulous Wedding!
My daughter's wedding reception at Water's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests.
Service was wonderful;
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful.
Paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.
Thank you everyone at Water's Edge.
would NOT go back.
The bar drinks were Eh, ok to say the least.
The stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.
We thought the dessert would be better, Wrong!
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.
The floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.
Good Experience
However, our main course was wonderful.
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.
short and sweet – seating is great:it's romantic,cozy and private.
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they're perfect for 2 people.
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy.
Impressed...
Servers are all different, Greg is my favorite.
Sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.
This is the first place I've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.
I go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all.
peppers, onions, relish, chilli, cheeses, you NAME it.
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE IN THE WEST VILLAGE!
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York!
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for!
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!
Great find in the West Village!
Maggot in the food!
Nevertheless, I finished my plate, and that's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.
When the bill came, nothing was comped, so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but I didn't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.
We paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.
Unhygienic
I do not recommend.
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
It's a great place to order from or sit-in.
Awesome
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance.
Try it!
Very pleased
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi, or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much.
The appetizers are also delicious!
Amazing food.
Mazing interior.
Great food!
I've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers.
If you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.
Indo Chinese food, pretty good...
My mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being Indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.
Still we keep going back :)
I was speechless by the horrible food.
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.
I was so stunned, and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.
This place survives on reputation alone.
I will NEVER return.
Best In ALL of NYC
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City, not just Brooklyn...
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...
you should travel from the Bronx to try it...
so delicious!!!!!!
Patsy's Pizza = true love
Hands down the best pizza on the planet.
In about 12 minutes, the thing is gone.
great hot dogs..
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside.
great taste
Great, original taste.
The only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).
great food
This place has great indian chinese food.
Also, they do not take credit card so come with cash!
Best Indian Chinese in the city, by far!
AMAZING MY FAVORITE!!!
I came across Village Underground by accident, now I go there all the time.
You can get a table without a reservation if you get there early I they don't make you by bottles.
Which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.
Highly recommended!
One of the best, if not THE best, restaurants in Park Slope (and NY in general)
Everything on the menu is great. 
This establishment is the real deal. 
But $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include Wine?
Look, the appetizers were really good.
The entree was also very good.
Can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef.
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe.
Vanison was good but not amazing.
Bison was quite excellent however.
Dessert: pure disaster.
Just not good at all.
If you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.
You would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience!
We did arrive late for our reservation so I can not complain too much about the wait for a table.
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.
The place is beautiful!
The hostess was very pleasant.
Once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!
Our experience did not ever get any better.
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka.
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.
We asked for beverages and never received them.
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka!
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!
I wish I COULD be refunded!
Don't go with a larger group than 4! 
At first we were a little taken aback, as this seemed to present a problem, although the restaurant looked fairly empty, but they hastily put the table together for us.
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions. 
There was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment. 
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with Brahma. 
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer. 
She replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded." 
The food arrived in about 15 minutes. 
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass...which was very good. 
I heard the lobster roll was excellent. 
They seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand). 
Service not the friendliest to our "large party"! 
Probably would not go back here.
Great Indian food
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly, but I can say this is one of the best I've had.
Also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.
One of the BEST
Bukhara Grill, the tagline says it all.. "INDIAN SPICE RAVE"
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
Wretched and retching
For starters they delivered us someone else's order.
None was made so i hung up.
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet.
It wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.
Eat at your own risk.
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date.
More Williamsburg Garbage
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.
Too bad I had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.
The nakgi-bokum was horrible.
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I've ever tasted.
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean.
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service.
She just nodded and walked off.
As to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.
We were charged full price.
Lives up to the hype
We've tried before but it always packed and doesn't take reservations.
It was well worth the wait.
The wife had the risotto which was amazing.
Love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza.
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche.
The entrees were served with miso soup and rice.
The sake’s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world.
Terrible would be a compliment!
The service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.
Stay away
Great Shabu Shabu
I love it.
I tried a couple other dishes but wasn't too impressed.
But for the Shabu Shabu, you won't find much better in NY.
Restaurant with a view
The food tasted very good.
The family seafood entree was very good.
The main entree was also very good.
This place doesn't make any sense
Just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.
The food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.
Good Food
Loved it
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it.
The atmosphere was great.
Our waitress wasn't mean, but not especially warm or attentive either.
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.
Dumbfoundingly Poor
This was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.
Lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn.
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention.
Polite acknowledgement is out;
supercilious scorn is in.
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?
On that scale, it's a world-beater.
How is this palce still open?
I honestly don't even know where to begin.
We arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled.
At this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress WALKED away.
So, I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it.
I couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.
So I decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.
Guess what, I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, I wish you would have said something earlier" No apology, nothing.
After that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!
No desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!
This is where it really really gets bad: the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and I cannot comp it.
Again, no apology, no is there anything else I can get you, no can I get you a drink to make up for it, nothing!!!!
The level of rudeness was preposterous.
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED.
cirspy crust margherita pizza
it was really good pizza.
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review.
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place.
The reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews.
Well...they can run but they can't hide.
This place...god where do i begin.
It is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.
Great Hot Dogs!
Only complaint is the pricing--I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.
It's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years. 
The frizzy retro girl (with winged/ Dame Edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink. 
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she "had a BBQ to go to" that night - WTF??
I'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!
There's another girl who I can't describe, she is about 5'6" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're *really* talking about. 
I'm a friendly person, so I wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal. 
Again, I'd be super upset if that were my employee.
So, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...
Maitre-D-"Eat and get out"
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine, our son's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert.
This guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including Paris, that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.
His response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.
A word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-D's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.
If you go here, do it on his off-night.
Best meal in a long time!
I had the Lamb special which was perfect.
My father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience.
Everyone must come here at least once.
Highly recommend it!
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level
Great Atmosphere
Don’t go to this place!
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner.
Appetizers took nearly an hour.
When the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.
Never got an explanation as to what was going on.
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.
When we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.
On the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.
What a hassle!
The food is very good, but not outstanding.
On our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.
Mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff.
Expensive
So rude!!!
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane.
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can I help you" and "how many are in your party."
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.
We didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem.
bad staff
I generally like this place.
The food is good.
The design of the space is good.
But the service is HORRID!
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.
I can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so I try to ignore it).
I couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.
She then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.