Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
Avoid this place!
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
Food was okay, nothing great.
I/we will never go back to this place again.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
You can't go wrong here.
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
Can't wait wait for my next visit.
And I hate to say this but I doubt I'll ever go back. 
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
we love th pink pony.
THe perfect spot.
Food-awesome.
Service- friendly and attentive.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
the food is decent.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect, which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me, i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water, or the check.
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience. 
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty. hmmm.
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
I had a great experience.
Food is great.
Service is top notch.
I have been going back again and again.
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.
I'm going back.
Quite simply it's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tranquility.
I will be going back and heartily recommend it!
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
Go hungry and enjoy.
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
A big disappointment, all around.
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious.
Worth the trip from Manhattan.
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
My wife and I always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
Our teenage kids love it, too.
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES, I get angry that I didn't just go to Zucchero Pomodori.
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
This place is incredibly tiny.
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
The food was bland oily.
I just don't understand all the hype...
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.
This is a fun restaurant to go to.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
I don't think I would go again.
This place is great.
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
Service was prompt, friendly and great.
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.
Located at the end of a magnificent block.
Very cozy and warm inside.....
I will be back!
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
Get the tuna of gari.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
It's all about the food !!
first it took us a long time to find the place.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace.
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.
I take all my NYC guests to VT's.
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
I'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much... and we're repeat customers.
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
it's delicious!
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
Try their chef's specials-- they are to die for.
Service is not exactly five star, but thats not really a big deal.
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
It is also extremely well priced.
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet, we were told no...
Then, to top things off, she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes. 
Such a disappointment...
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
I am bringing my whole family back next time.
The food was good too.
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
Inside is a little cramped, but to be expected.
Service was prompt and courteous.
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
Prices are in line.
But too far east!
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
fine dining restaurant quality.
Over 100 different choices to create your own.
A must try!
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
The staff is no nonsense.
The food options rule.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store.
He served me an Uni Hand roll, which I never had before, and let me tell you...IT WAS HEAVEN!
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.
To sum it up: Service varies from good to mediorce, depending on which waiter you get; generally it is just average Ok. 
Seating is always prompt, though the restaurant does fill up in the evening.
As many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.
The restaurant is cute but not upscale.
I would highly recommend it.
It's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
Please take my advice, go and try this place.
You will not be disapointed at all.
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
The bagel was huge.
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
All the staff is absolutely professional!! 
(that is A MUST, but not every restaurant can do...) 
There's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).
This restaurant was way overhyped.
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
I definitely wouldn't go back.
I will be going back very soon.
keep up the good work.
Hats off to the chef.
It was wonderful.
the salads are delicious, both refreshing and very spicy.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
Great vibe, lots of people.
I didn't complain, I liked the atmosphere so much.
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
Salads were fantastic.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
We will be back.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
This place is always very crowded and popular.
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
We'd go back again
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
We all felt it was worth it.
it is not consistent.
And where does Patis go wrong; no where. 
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
MMmmm... it was delicious.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
I can't wait to go back.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
It's a small cute restaurant.
I absolutely love this place!!!
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
The sushi is amazing!!! 
And amazingly cheap.
Big thumbs up!
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
We were very disappointed.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter, so i'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it.
Check this place out!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
For instance, plates were just dumped on the table, I was handed the wine list upside down, etc.... 
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service.
Fish was overdone.
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
One of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else.
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
It is simply amazing.
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
You will find yourself returning quite often.
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
Beautiful experience.
The staff offers impeccable service.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
It was divine melts in your mouth.
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
We didn't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough. 
It's cuz it's so good you need to taste it!!! 
All in all we're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks!!!!
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
It's very spicy but not offensive.
We will definitely go back.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
The wine list is excellent.
Please be aware that it's CASH or AMEX only!
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.
No plans to return anytime soon.
This place is so much fun.
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
Our food was great too!
And really large portions.
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
We will go back every time we are in the City.
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
I highly recommend it.
The place is a lot of fun.
My six year old loved it.
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
The food however, is what one might expect.
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
We had a good time.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
Drinks way over priced.
Great pizza for lunch place.
Service was quick.
The pizza was great.
And it was quick which is very important.
It was wonderful.
Delivery is fast too.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
The lox is always fresh too.
Highly recommended to all!
Not impressed with the food.
Zero ambiance to boot.
I thought this place was totally overrated.
Everything we had was good or ok....but definitely nothing great.
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!
Taxan delicious!
We weren't!
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
Try green curry with vegetables.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
The service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.
I was there on sat. for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
I had the best ravioli ever.
Moderate prices.
A little noise but I think that was because of our party!
A guaranteeed delight!
Check out the secret back room.
I pray it stays open forever.
Thank You Emilio.
The food was authentic.
I felt as though I were eating in Paris.
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
The prices are wonderfully low.
Very good wine choices.
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC!
Great staff.
Always great service!
I go twice a month!
Fantastic!
The food is good, I can't lie.
But the staff was so horrible to us.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
Amma is nothing special.
Will not be back.
This place is always packed.
Most importantly, food is excellent.
Try the sea bass.
Highly recommended.
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
I am happy i did the food was awsome.
JUST AWSOME.
but overall i give it a 10
10
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
Will never be back.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality.
the waitstaffs are nice though.
wont come back again for sure!
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
This was a great surprise.
The service was attentive.
I look forward to eating here again
Planet Thai is great!
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
Not a great place for family or general dining.
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.
Food is excellent.
Fish is so very fresh.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
Love YUKA.
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
We were very pleasantly surprised.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
please don't fool us.
Of course, it is crowded but who cares.
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
(The asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta is a winner!)
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.
I loved this place!!
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from...maybe you dont know how things work in America...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.
We did tip, I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.
Pizza here is consistently good.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
You should pass on the calamari.
It is thick and slightly soggy.
Decor is charming.
Service is average.
What a great place.
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently 
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
Never again!
I absolutely Loved this place.
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions.
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
The wine list is also really nice.
I would highly recommend this place!
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time, the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed.
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
My friends settled for rice dishes, but we came back the following day to try the dim sum, which was good...not outstanding, but good.
Overall, excellent restaurant!
The food was good.
The place was nice and calm.
but the service was a bit slow.
The buffet had a nice selection.
Service was also very good.
I would go back.
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
But, they were too big for the bun.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
Also they were $15 each!
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
Conveniently located too, being right on Bedford ave.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
I will definetly be going back.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right.
We will be back.
love the food.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
and you can't beat the prices.
highly recommended.
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
Also very inexpensive.
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.
I've waited over one hour for food.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
An excellent service
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
Will absolutely visit again.
You cannot go wrong with this place.
Go here.
Good for dates or with friends.
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
However, it is jus too good to not praise it.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
The menu has so many fish items and oysters.
The fish was really,really fresh.
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York.
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
It's to die for!
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
I'm sure I'll return for a final judgement tho.
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos.
Delicious crab cakes too.
Great neighborhood joint.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
The counter service is bad.
They charge different prices all the time.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
Seriously, this place kicks ass.
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
It is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
Great sushi experience.
Nice value.
Unique apppetizers.
Try sushimi cucumber roll.
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.
Murray won't do it.
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
So close, but not good enough.
Don't be fooled by crowds of people.
The service is awful.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
Love Pizza 33..
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing... their Pizza.
It hits the spot every time
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.
They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
the turkey burgers are scary!
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
The sushi was awful!
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
Good, fast service.
I would highly recommend.
The location is perfect.
Give it a try and enjoy.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
Would NEVER go back there.
Always busy but fast moving.
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)
What more can you ask for?
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
Everything about this restaurant was special.
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
The flavors robust and subtle.
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
I'm saving up for my next visit.
The place was quiet and delightful.
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat.
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.
You can't go wrong with this place.
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.
I LOVE their Thai
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!
I will go back to Suan soon!
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
I wish they would change back to what it was before.
The food now is inconsistent.
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.
The setting is casual and romantic.
Prices are very good.
The food is excellent! 
if you're daring, try the balsamic vinegar over icecream, it's wonderful!
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
I was pleasantly suprised.
The food was exceptional.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
The fried dumplings are GREAT!
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
Never fails to please.
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
Service is fast and friendly.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
But that is highly forgivable.
If celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.
Rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
The food was absolutely amazing!!
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we've ever had!! 
The waiter was attentive.
Dessert is a joke...dont bother
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.
Fantastic place.
Cute and decorative.
A pleasant surprise.
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
I recommend it!
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
Guaranteed to be a tasty experience!)
Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you haven't seen in a while.
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends!
Go there once and oh yes...you will go back...you will...
What a great place!
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
And even with it's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!
Loved it!
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
Wonderful at holiday time.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
A real dissapointment.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.
Priced at upper intermediate range.
I really liked this place.
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.
It was pretty inexpensive too.
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
Quick and friendly service.
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.
They all know you.
Good food.
Good drink.
How do you rate home?
I have never had cheescake like this.
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.
We were less than impressed.
Probably would not go again...
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
skip dessert.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
A classic!
Don't miss Bloom's on your next trip to Manhatten.
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
It just wasn't Thai.
Was surprisingly disappointed.
Pizza was a little soggy.
Not enough wines by the glass either.
This place is a great bargain.
Authentic Pakistani food.
People are always friendly.
Faan is sooo good.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
What more could you want?
The food was actually aweful.
I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.
If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
go here for the drinks!
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
My fav was the sassy lassi...
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
Amazing!
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
The food's as good as ever.
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
Can't wait to go back.
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.
Good luck getting a table.
My roommate and I LOVE this place.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
Staff is very accomodating.
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
But $1 for each small piece???
Not worth it.
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
The decor is very simple but comfortable.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
I loved it and would go again.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
Service is not what you are coming here for...
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach.
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT.
even the wine by the glass was good.
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too...
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks...  
Yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty too.
Wasn't going to share but I feel obligated...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing.
No thanks!!!
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
We were then shooed inside.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
We left, never to return.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
You can do it here.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
Me and my girls will definitely go back.
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.
The food is great.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
I heartily recommend.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.
The price very reasonable.
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion...a bucket of food literally.
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
I love it.
I plan on stopping by next week as well.
I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
Definately check it out!!!
This place blew me away...by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side.
The wine list is extensive and impressive.
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
I lOVE THIS PLACE!
Keep up the good work guys!
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.